# Crazy Bot

Crazy Bot is a Telegram bot designed to provide users with a seamless experience in managing their VPN services. It integrates with Docker to manage VPN containers and uses OpenAI's GPT-3.5 Turbo for generating responses to user queries.

## Features
- **VPN Management**: Easily start, stop, and manage your VPN containers directly from Telegram.
- **AI-Powered Responses**: Get responses to your queries generated by GPT-3.5 Turbo, providing a more interactive and engaging user experience.
- **Payment Integration**: Offers a simple and secure way to manage subscriptions and payments for VPN services.
- **Admin Controls**: Provides admin-level controls for managing user subscriptions and service statuses.

## Prerequisites

- Docker: Ensure Docker is installed on your system.
- Telegram Account: You need a Telegram account to interact with the bot.

## Installation

### Building from Source

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/philingood/crazy-bot.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd crazy-bot/
```

3. Edit the `.env` file to set your environment variables:
```
BOT_TOKEN=0123456789:ABC1DeFGHijklNMopQRsTuVWXYza_bCdeFg
ADMIN_ID=1234567
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...
OPENAI_SYSTEM_MESSAGE=""
```

4. Build and run the Docker container:
```bash
docker run \
    --name crazy-bot \
    --env-file .env \
    --restart=unless-stopped \
    -d \
    crazy-bot

```

## Usage

Once the bot is running, you can interact with it on Telegram by searching for its username and sending commands.

- `/start`: Start the bot and get a list of available commands.
- `/help`: Get detailed information about the bot's commands.
- `/pay`: Initiate the payment process for a subscription.
- `/status`: Check the status of your subscription.
- `/service_status`: Check the status of VPN services.
- `/random`: Generate a random number between 1 and 10.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit issues or pull requests.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.
